README.md, before:

<div align="center">
<h2>Svelte Commerce</h2>
</div>

<div align="center">

**The open-source frontend for any eCommerce. Built with a PWA and headless approach, using a modern JS stack. We have WIP for MedusaJS, Woocommerce, Bigcommerce and Shopify. The API approach also allows you to merge Svelte Commerce with any third-party tool like payment gateways, POS or AI.**

</div>

<div align="center" width="60%" height="auto">
  <br/>
 <a href="https://litekart.in"> <img src="https://res.cloudinary.com/itswadesh/image/upload/v1678600224/litekart/free_for_developers_1.png"/></a>
</div>
<div align="center">
  <br>
    <img width="400" src=".github/svelte-commerce.gif" >
    <img width="400" src=".github/svelte-commerce-demo.gif" hspace="5">
</div>

<br>
<p align="center">
<img height="400" src=".github/home-page-mobile.jpg" hspace="10">
<img height="400" src=".github/catalog-listing-mobile.jpg" hspace="10">
<img height="400" src=".github/product-details-mobile.jpg" hspace="10">
<p/>
<br/>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Made_With-Svelte-red.svg?style=for-the-badge&color=dc8a78&logoColor=FF3E00&labelColor=302D41&logo=svelte"><br/><br/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Maintained%3F-Yes-blueviolet?style=for-the-badge&color=209fb5&labelColor=5c5f77">
	<a href="https://github.com/itswadesh/svelte-commerce/stargazers" target="_blank">
		<img alt="Stargazers" src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/itswadesh/svelte-commerce?style=for-the-badge&logo=starship&color=C9CBFF&logoColor=D9E0EE&labelColor=302D41"></a>
	<a href="https://github.com/itswadesh/svelte-commerce/issues" target="_blank">
		<img alt="Issues" src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/itswadesh/svelte-commerce?style=for-the-badge&logo=gitbook&color=B5E8E0&logoColor=D9E0EE&labelColor=302D41"></a>
  <a href="https://t.me/itswadesh" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Telegram" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Telegram-itswadesh-blue.svg?style=for-the-badge"></a>
</p>

<br/>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/itswadesh/svelte-commerce/discussions/new/choose" target="_blank">
    <picture>
      <source srcset="assets/social/macchiato_github.svg" width="64" height="64" alt="Github Logo" media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)"/>
      <source srcset="assets/social/latte_github.svg" width="64" height="64" alt="Github Logo" media="(prefers-color-scheme: light), (prefers-color-scheme: no-preference)"/>
      <img src="assets/social/latte_github.svg" width="64" height="64" alt="Github Logo"/>
    </picture>
  </a>
  <img src="assets/misc/transparent.png" height="1" width="5"/>
  <a href="https://discord.gg/GgdAeccwDR" target="_blank">
    <picture>
      <source srcset="assets/social/macchiato_discord.svg" width="64" height="64" alt="Discord Logo" media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)"/>
      <source srcset="assets/social/latte_discord.svg" width="64" height="64" alt="Discord Logo" media="(prefers-color-scheme: light), (prefers-color-scheme: no-preference)"/>
      <img src="assets/social/latte_discord.svg" width="64" height="64" alt="Discord Logo"/>
    </picture>
  </a>
  <img src="assets/misc/transparent.png" height="1" width="5"/>
  <a href="https://twitter.com/itswadesh" target="_blank">
    <picture>
      <source srcset="assets/social/macchiato_twitter.svg" width="64" height="64" alt="Twitter Logo" media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)"/>
      <source srcset="assets/social/latte_twitter.svg" width="64" height="64" alt="Twitter Logo" media="(prefers-color-scheme: light), (prefers-color-scheme: no-preference)"/>
      <img src="assets/social/latte_twitter.svg" width="64" height="64" alt="Twitter Logo"/>
    </picture>
  </a>
  <img src="assets/misc/transparent.png" height="1" width="5"/>
  <a href="https://reddit.com/u/itswadesh" target="_blank">
    <picture>
      <source srcset="assets/social/macchiato_reddit.svg" width="64" height="64" alt="Reddit Logo" media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)"/>
      <source srcset="assets/social/latte_reddit.svg" width="64" height="64" alt="Reddit Logo" media="(prefers-color-scheme: light), (prefers-color-scheme: no-preference)"/>
      <img src="assets/social/latte_reddit.svg" width="64" height="64" alt="Reddit Logo"/>
    </picture>
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
Reach out to me with queries!
</p>
<br/>
<br/>

<div align="">

### Big Brands using `svelte-commerce`

</div>
<br/>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://tesoro.pk/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://res.cloudinary.com/itswadesh/image/upload/v1682424690/tesoro.png?tr=w-auto,h-80,ar-3-4,cm-pad_resize&sharpen=true" height="64" alt="Tesoro">
  </a>
  <img src="assets/misc/transparent.png" height="1" width="15"/>
  <a href="https://varnijewels.com/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://ik.imagekit.io/3n6cglxq6/img/varni-logo_1619291754__34835-qt10qx2uq90x.webp?tr=w-auto,h-80,ar-3-4,cm-pad_resize&sharpen=true" height="64" alt="Varni Jewels">
  </a>
  <img src="assets/misc/transparent.png" height="1" width="15"/>
  <a href="https://lrnr.in/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://res.cloudinary.com/itswadesh/image/upload/v1682423814/logo-lrnr.png?tr=w-auto,h-80,ar-3-4,cm-pad_resize&sharpen=true" height="64" alt="LRNR">
  </a>
  <img src="assets/misc/transparent.png" height="1" width="15"/>
  <a href="https://tablez.com/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://tablez.com/icon.png" height="64" alt="Tablez">
  </a>
  <img src="assets/misc/transparent.png" height="1" width="15"/>
  <a href="https://b.zapvi.in/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://cdn.zapvi.in/img/Zapvi-Black-Logo-iKPQP43npcI2.svg?width=3&height=4&blur=25&aspect_ratio=3:4" height="64" alt="Misiki">
  </a>
  <img src="assets/misc/transparent.png" height="1" width="15"/>
  <div>
<!--     <img src="https://res.cloudinary.com/itswadesh/image/upload/v1682424327/clicky_logo-97724356932.png?width=3&height=4&blur=25&aspect_ratio=3:4" height="64" alt="Clicky"> -->
  </div>

</p>
<br/>
<br/>

## What is it?

- Svelte Commerce is a PWA storefront for your existing eCommerce based on Sveltekit.
- It is possible to connect with any eCommerce backend that provides an API
- We are working on adaptors of Medusajs, Shopify, Magento, Woocommerce, Litekart, Bigcommerce

## Features

- 👨🏻‍💻 Its both SSR and SPA
- 🚀 Superfast
- 🔗 It is possible to connect with any eCommerce backend if the backend has Rest API
- 🔓 Svelte Commerce is free and open source. Download and modify it the way you want
- 🛒 Most of the essential features for ecommerce are already integrated
- 💰 No need to make a big leap or invest huge amount. Just take this opend source project and attach to existing backend.

## Get Started

```
git clone https://github.com/itswadesh/svelte-commerce.git
cd svelte-commerce
npm i
npm run dev
```

Thats all !

Open http://localhost:3000 on chrome. Your app should be live with awesome sveltekit up and running

## Configuration
There are 3 places to configure

1. `src/lib/config/`
All non secret and application wide configs are stored here, if required, change according to your requirement.

2. `.env`
All secrets stored here

3. `src/lib/services/index.ts`
This is used to define which service to use. Only 1 of the listed service can be active at a time. Valid values are `Litekart Medusa Bigcommerce Shopify Woocommerce`

## Deployment

Click on the button to directly deploy to Netlify or Vercel. Zero configuration required.

<a href="https://app.netlify.com/start/deploy?repository=https://github.com/itswadesh/svelte-commerce" aria-label="Click to deploy into netlify">
<img src="https://www.netlify.com/img/deploy/button.svg" alt="Deploy to netlify">
</a>

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fitswadesh%2Fsvelte-commerce&demo-title=SvelteKit%20Commerce)

### Docker

We also support docker images, use the following command to pull the latest docker image and deploy it:

```sh
docker run -d -p 3000:3000 ghcr.io/itswadesh/svelte-commerce:latest
```

## Features

<!-- If you like the ideas behind Svelte Commerce and want to become a contributor - [join github discussions](https://github.com/itswadesh/svelte-commerce/discussions/new/choose), check the list of the [active issues](https://github.com/itswadesh/svelte-commerce/issues) or contact me directly via hi@litekart.in -->

Svelte ecommerce - Headless, Authentication, Cart & Checkout, TailwindCSS, Server Rendered, Proxy + API Integrated, Animations, Lazy Loading, Loading Indicators, Carousel, Instant Search, Faceted Filters, Open Source

## Updates

Latest update: 07-February-2023

<details>
<summary>Click here to see all the updates</summary>

- 07-Jun-2023      - Deeplinking for social aharing buttons
- 07-February-2023 - Prettified.
- 06-February-2023 - Sveltekit 1.5
- 15-December-2022 - Sveltekit 1.0 - Finally.
- 05-December-2022 - fix: Close message
- 30-November-2022 - Fixed: Coupon apply and remove, Added: Back to top fade animation
- 29-November-2022 - Improved image lazy loading technique
- 29-November-2022 - Added Price and Discount filters to product catalog
- 29-November-2022 - Preload data on link hover
- 25-November-2022 - Service worker added
- 10-November-2022 - Product options introduced
- 04-November-2022 - Added verify pincode / zip
- 03-November-2022 - New slider added for more control over design
- 02-November-2022 - Cleanup unused packages
- 31-October-2022 - Dynamic searchbat text
- 31-October-2022 - Added title, description, keywords
- 27-October-2022 - Improved megamenu layout
- 24-October-2022 - fix: login, order success, failed payment, frequently bought together
- 20-October-2022 - Sentry added
- 20-October-2022 - Zero-configuration Coolify deployment
- 16-October-2022 - SEO attributes Added
- 11-October-2022 - Add to cart animation
- 30-September-2022 - Attached to ResT API Backend, Migrated to new Sveltekit version
- 12-September-2022 - Modal based mobile device search instead of page based
- 12-September-2022 - New fully working theme launched
- 04-September-2022 - Product schema Added
- 26-August-2022 - Added Trending Products section
- 26-April-2022 - Latest SvelteKit version
- 26-April-2022 - Improved image lazy loading
- 26-April-2022 - New Banners section
- 26-April-2022 - New Authentication System
- 26-April-2022 - New Blogs section
- 24-April-2022 - Zero-configuration Vercel deployment
- 22-July-2021 - Integrated with netlify deployment
- 07-May-2021 - Completely Migrated to SvelteKit

</details>

Commit message:

Added option to easy switch services without needit to edit lib/services

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
<h2>Svelte Commerce</h2>
</div>

<div align="center">

**The open-source frontend for any eCommerce. Built with a PWA and headless approach, using a modern JS stack. We have WIP for MedusaJS, Woocommerce, Bigcommerce and Shopify. The API approach also allows you to merge Svelte Commerce with any third-party tool like payment gateways, POS or AI.**

</div>

<div align="center" width="60%" height="auto">
  <br/>
 <a href="https://litekart.in"> <img src="https://res.cloudinary.com/itswadesh/image/upload/v1678600224/litekart/free_for_developers_1.png"/></a>
</div>
<div align="center">
  <br>
    <img width="400" src=".github/svelte-commerce.gif" >
    <img width="400" src=".github/svelte-commerce-demo.gif" hspace="5">
</div>

<br>
<p align="center">
<img height="400" src=".github/home-page-mobile.jpg" hspace="10">
<img height="400" src=".github/catalog-listing-mobile.jpg" hspace="10">
<img height="400" src=".github/product-details-mobile.jpg" hspace="10">
<p/>
<br/>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Made_With-Svelte-red.svg?style=for-the-badge&color=dc8a78&logoColor=FF3E00&labelColor=302D41&logo=svelte"><br/><br/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Maintained%3F-Yes-blueviolet?style=for-the-badge&color=209fb5&labelColor=5c5f77">
	<a href="https://github.com/itswadesh/svelte-commerce/stargazers" target="_blank">
		<img alt="Stargazers" src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/itswadesh/svelte-commerce?style=for-the-badge&logo=starship&color=C9CBFF&logoColor=D9E0EE&labelColor=302D41"></a>
	<a href="https://github.com/itswadesh/svelte-commerce/issues" target="_blank">
		<img alt="Issues" src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/itswadesh/svelte-commerce?style=for-the-badge&logo=gitbook&color=B5E8E0&logoColor=D9E0EE&labelColor=302D41"></a>
  <a href="https://t.me/itswadesh" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Telegram" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Telegram-itswadesh-blue.svg?style=for-the-badge"></a>
</p>

<br/>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/itswadesh/svelte-commerce/discussions/new/choose" target="_blank">
    <picture>
      <source srcset="assets/social/macchiato_github.svg" width="64" height="64" alt="Github Logo" media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)"/>
      <source srcset="assets/social/latte_github.svg" width="64" height="64" alt="Github Logo" media="(prefers-color-scheme: light), (prefers-color-scheme: no-preference)"/>
      <img src="assets/social/latte_github.svg" width="64" height="64" alt="Github Logo"/>
    </picture>
  </a>
  <img src="assets/misc/transparent.png" height="1" width="5"/>
  <a href="https://discord.gg/GgdAeccwDR" target="_blank">
    <picture>
      <source srcset="assets/social/macchiato_discord.svg" width="64" height="64" alt="Discord Logo" media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)"/>
      <source srcset="assets/social/latte_discord.svg" width="64" height="64" alt="Discord Logo" media="(prefers-color-scheme: light), (prefers-color-scheme: no-preference)"/>
      <img src="assets/social/latte_discord.svg" width="64" height="64" alt="Discord Logo"/>
    </picture>
  </a>
  <img src="assets/misc/transparent.png" height="1" width="5"/>
  <a href="https://twitter.com/itswadesh" target="_blank">
    <picture>
      <source srcset="assets/social/macchiato_twitter.svg" width="64" height="64" alt="Twitter Logo" media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)"/>
      <source srcset="assets/social/latte_twitter.svg" width="64" height="64" alt="Twitter Logo" media="(prefers-color-scheme: light), (prefers-color-scheme: no-preference)"/>
      <img src="assets/social/latte_twitter.svg" width="64" height="64" alt="Twitter Logo"/>
    </picture>
  </a>
  <img src="assets/misc/transparent.png" height="1" width="5"/>
  <a href="https://reddit.com/u/itswadesh" target="_blank">
    <picture>
      <source srcset="assets/social/macchiato_reddit.svg" width="64" height="64" alt="Reddit Logo" media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)"/>
      <source srcset="assets/social/latte_reddit.svg" width="64" height="64" alt="Reddit Logo" media="(prefers-color-scheme: light), (prefers-color-scheme: no-preference)"/>
      <img src="assets/social/latte_reddit.svg" width="64" height="64" alt="Reddit Logo"/>
    </picture>
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
Reach out to me with queries!
</p>
<br/>
<br/>

<div align="">

### Big Brands using `svelte-commerce`

</div>
<br/>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://tesoro.pk/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://res.cloudinary.com/itswadesh/image/upload/v1682424690/tesoro.png?tr=w-auto,h-80,ar-3-4,cm-pad_resize&sharpen=true" height="64" alt="Tesoro">
  </a>
  <img src="assets/misc/transparent.png" height="1" width="15"/>
  <a href="https://varnijewels.com/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://ik.imagekit.io/3n6cglxq6/img/varni-logo_1619291754__34835-qt10qx2uq90x.webp?tr=w-auto,h-80,ar-3-4,cm-pad_resize&sharpen=true" height="64" alt="Varni Jewels">
  </a>
  <img src="assets/misc/transparent.png" height="1" width="15"/>
  <a href="https://lrnr.in/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://res.cloudinary.com/itswadesh/image/upload/v1682423814/logo-lrnr.png?tr=w-auto,h-80,ar-3-4,cm-pad_resize&sharpen=true" height="64" alt="LRNR">
  </a>
  <img src="assets/misc/transparent.png" height="1" width="15"/>
  <a href="https://tablez.com/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://tablez.com/icon.png" height="64" alt="Tablez">
  </a>
  <img src="assets/misc/transparent.png" height="1" width="15"/>
  <a href="https://b.zapvi.in/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://cdn.zapvi.in/img/Zapvi-Black-Logo-iKPQP43npcI2.svg?width=3&height=4&blur=25&aspect_ratio=3:4" height="64" alt="Misiki">
  </a>
  <img src="assets/misc/transparent.png" height="1" width="15"/>
  <div>
<!--     <img src="https://res.cloudinary.com/itswadesh/image/upload/v1682424327/clicky_logo-97724356932.png?width=3&height=4&blur=25&aspect_ratio=3:4" height="64" alt="Clicky"> -->
  </div>

</p>
<br/>
<br/>

## What is it?

- Svelte Commerce is a PWA storefront for your existing eCommerce based on Sveltekit.
- It is possible to connect with any eCommerce backend that provides an API
- We are working on adaptors of Medusajs, Shopify, Magento, Woocommerce, Litekart, Bigcommerce

## Features

- 👨🏻‍💻 Its both SSR and SPA
- 🚀 Superfast
- 🔗 It is possible to connect with any eCommerce backend if the backend has Rest API
- 🔓 Svelte Commerce is free and open source. Download and modify it the way you want
- 🛒 Most of the essential features for ecommerce are already integrated
- 💰 No need to make a big leap or invest huge amount. Just take this opend source project and attach to existing backend.

## Get Started

```
git clone https://github.com/itswadesh/svelte-commerce.git
cd svelte-commerce
npm i
npm run dev
```

Thats all !

Open http://localhost:3000 on chrome. Your app should be live with awesome sveltekit up and running

## Configuration
There are 3 places to configure

1. `src/lib/config/`
All non secret and application wide configs are stored here, if required, change according to your requirement.

2. `.env`
All secrets/public stored here, also you can choose the service that you need. Valid values for the service are `LITEKART MEDUSAJS BIGCOMMERCE SHOPIFY WOOCOMMERCE`


## Deployment

Click on the button to directly deploy to Netlify or Vercel. Zero configuration required.

<a href="https://app.netlify.com/start/deploy?repository=https://github.com/itswadesh/svelte-commerce" aria-label="Click to deploy into netlify">
<img src="https://www.netlify.com/img/deploy/button.svg" alt="Deploy to netlify">
</a>

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fitswadesh%2Fsvelte-commerce&demo-title=SvelteKit%20Commerce)

### Docker

We also support docker images, use the following command to pull the latest docker image and deploy it:

```sh
docker run -d -p 3000:3000 ghcr.io/itswadesh/svelte-commerce:latest
```

## Features

<!-- If you like the ideas behind Svelte Commerce and want to become a contributor - [join github discussions](https://github.com/itswadesh/svelte-commerce/discussions/new/choose), check the list of the [active issues](https://github.com/itswadesh/svelte-commerce/issues) or contact me directly via hi@litekart.in -->

Svelte ecommerce - Headless, Authentication, Cart & Checkout, TailwindCSS, Server Rendered, Proxy + API Integrated, Animations, Lazy Loading, Loading Indicators, Carousel, Instant Search, Faceted Filters, Open Source

## Updates

Latest update: 07-February-2023

<details>
<summary>Click here to see all the updates</summary>

- 07-Jun-2023      - Deeplinking for social aharing buttons
- 07-February-2023 - Prettified.
- 06-February-2023 - Sveltekit 1.5
- 15-December-2022 - Sveltekit 1.0 - Finally.
- 05-December-2022 - fix: Close message
- 30-November-2022 - Fixed: Coupon apply and remove, Added: Back to top fade animation
- 29-November-2022 - Improved image lazy loading technique
- 29-November-2022 - Added Price and Discount filters to product catalog
- 29-November-2022 - Preload data on link hover
- 25-November-2022 - Service worker added
- 10-November-2022 - Product options introduced
- 04-November-2022 - Added verify pincode / zip
- 03-November-2022 - New slider added for more control over design
- 02-November-2022 - Cleanup unused packages
- 31-October-2022 - Dynamic searchbat text
- 31-October-2022 - Added title, description, keywords
- 27-October-2022 - Improved megamenu layout
- 24-October-2022 - fix: login, order success, failed payment, frequently bought together
- 20-October-2022 - Sentry added
- 20-October-2022 - Zero-configuration Coolify deployment
- 16-October-2022 - SEO attributes Added
- 11-October-2022 - Add to cart animation
- 30-September-2022 - Attached to ResT API Backend, Migrated to new Sveltekit version
- 12-September-2022 - Modal based mobile device search instead of page based
- 12-September-2022 - New fully working theme launched
- 04-September-2022 - Product schema Added
- 26-August-2022 - Added Trending Products section
- 26-April-2022 - Latest SvelteKit version
- 26-April-2022 - Improved image lazy loading
- 26-April-2022 - New Banners section
- 26-April-2022 - New Authentication System
- 26-April-2022 - New Blogs section
- 24-April-2022 - Zero-configuration Vercel deployment
- 22-July-2021 - Integrated with netlify deployment
- 07-May-2021 - Completely Migrated to SvelteKit

</details>
